โค๏ธ เถเถดเทเทเถปเทเทเท เถเทเถฑเทเทเทเถธ Mflix เทเทเทเทเถฑเท โค๏ธ
๐ฅ Mflix Fb Page เถเถเถญเท Follow เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ ๐ฅ
เทเทเถบเท!
เทเทเถบเทเถ-เถเทเทเทเถฑเท!
เถถเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ!
-เทเทเถบเทเถ-เถเทเทเทเถฑเท!
-เถธเถเท เทเถปเทเถปเถบ เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท,
เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท, เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท!
-เทเทเถบเท-เถเทเถบเทเถฝเท, เถเถฑเทเถฑ!
-เถเถฑเทเถฑ, เถเถฑเทเถฑ. เถธเทเถเถฏ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถธเถธ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท, เทเถธเถบเท เถดเทเทเทเทเท เทเทเถงเทเถฑเทเท.
เถดเถฑเทเถญเท เทเถทเทเถดเถญเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ?
-เถเถฑเทเถฑ. เถธเทเถเถฏ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
-เทเทเถธเทเถธ เถเถเถง!
เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ? เถธเถธ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท.
-เถเถ เถฑเถธเท เถดเทเท.
-เทเทเถบเทเถ-เถเทเทเทเถฑเท!
เถธเถเท เทเถปเทเถปเถบ เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท,
-เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ...
-เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท, เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท!
-เทเทเถงเท.
-เถธเถเท เถเถ เถฏเทเถฑเท เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท,
-เถดเถฉเทเถดเทเท...
-เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท, เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท!
เถธเถเท เทเถปเทเถปเถบ เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท,
เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท, เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท!
เถเถบเท. เถเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท เถถเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเท เถขเถปเทเท...
เทเถเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ!
เถเถฑเท เถฏเทเทเทเถบเถฑเท.
เถเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท. เถเถปเทเถซเทเถเถปเถฝเท.
เถฑเทเถเทเถงเทเถฑเทเถฑ!
เถฑเทเทเถฌเถบเท! เทเถฑเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเถฑเทเถฑ! เถฏเทเถฑเท เทเทเถบเถฝเทเถฝเทเถธ เถเถเถง!
เทเทเถธเทเถธ เถญเถธเถฑเทเถเท เทเทเถฎเทเถฑ เทเถฝเถง! เถเถดเท เถดเถงเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถธเท!
-เถธเถธ เถธเทเถญเถฑ เทเทเถฏเทเทเท, เถธเถเท เทเทเถญเท เทเทเถงเทเถบเถง.
-เถธเถเท เถเถ เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท,
เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท, เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท!
เถธเถเท เทเถปเทเถปเถบ เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท,
เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท, เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท!
เถ เถเทเถญ เถบเถเทเทเถบเทเถเท.
เถขเถปเทเท.
เถเถเถง เทเทเถด เทเทเทเท.
เถเทเท!
เถเถบเท. เทเทเถบเทเถ-เถเทเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เถบเทเทเทเทเท.
เถธเถเท เถเทเถปเทเถบเทเถฝเถบเท, เถธเถเท เถฏเถเทเถซเท เถธเทเท เถฝเทเถเทเถเทเทเท เถปเถญเท เถดเทเถง เถธเถฝเทเถฝเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท .
เถเถถเถง เถเทเท เถบเถญเทเถปเถเท เทเทเถบเทเถเถญ เทเทเถเทเถบ.
เถฏเทเถป เถดเทเถงเทเถดเท เถเทเถถเทเถฑเถงเทเถงเทเท เทเทเทเทเถญ เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเถบ เถทเทเทเทเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ .
เถเถบเทเถง เถเทเถฉเถเท เถฏเทเทเถฝเท เถดเทเถฑเทเท เถเถญเท.
เถเถถ เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เถถเทเถฝเทเทเทเทเถญเท,
เถเถถเถง เถถเทเถเถปเท เถดเทเทเถเท เทเทเถบเทเถเถญ เทเทเถเทเถบ.
เถฏเทเถฑเท เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถดเทเทเทเทเท เทเถเท เถดเทเถฑเทเท เถเถญเท.
เถธเถธเถญเท เถธเท เถเทเถฑ เถเทเทเถธ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเท.
เถเถ...
เถฏเทเถฑเท เถธเถง เถเถเทเถเทเถธ เถเทเถปเถบเท!
-เถเถบเท... เถธเถเทเถฝเถเท.
-เถธเถเท เถเถ เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท,
-เถเถฑเท เทเทเถบเทเถ-เถเทเทเทเถฑเท, เถเทเถขเทเถญเถเถบเท!
-เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท, เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท!
-เถธเถเท เทเถปเทเถปเถบ เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถญเท,
-เทเทเถงเท.
-เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท, เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท!
-เถธเถเท เทเถปเทเถปเถบ เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถญเท,
- เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท, เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท!
-เถธเถเท เถเถ เถฏเทเถฑเท เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท,
-เทเทเถงเท.
- เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท, เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฑเทเท!
เถเถเถง เทเทเถด เทเทเทเท.
เถธเทเถเถเท เถฏ เทเทเถฝเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เทเทเถบเท!
เทเทเถบเท, เถธเทเถฑเท-เถ!
เถเทเถฑเทเถฑ!
เทเทเถ-เถธเทเถฑเท!
เทเถปเทเถซ!
เถเถฑเท เถเถเทเถเทเถธ เถดเทเถบเทเถนเถฑเทเท.
เถขเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถเท-เถธเทเถฑเท, เถเถฑเทเถฑ!
เถธเทเทเท เถเถฑเท, เถเถบเท เถดเทเถงเทเถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท!
เถเถดเท เถเทเถฉเถเท เถเถฉ เถเถฑเทเถฑเท.
เถธเถง เถเถดเถเทเถป เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถดเทเถง เถธเทเถเถฏ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเถบเท เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ...
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถฏ!
เถเถบเท เถดเถฑเทเถญเท เถฑเทเถบเถเถบเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเทเถเท เถบเทเทเทเทเถฑเทเท เถเถเทเถเถเทเถฑ
เถเถเทเถธเถฑเถง เถดเถฉเทเถดเทเท เถถเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถถ เทเทเถงเทเถฑเท เถดเทเทเถง เถเทเถบเทเทเถญเท,
เถเถฑเทเถเท เถเถบเถง เถเถฏเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถ เถทเถบเทเถฑเถเถบเท, เถ เถฑเทเทเท เถเทเท เถถเทเถธ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ!
-เถธเถธ เทเทเถงเทเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถเถบเท.
-เถเถ เถเถฝเทเถฑเทเถฑ .
-เถ เทเถเทเถธ เถเถธเถญเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท...
-เถเถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท. เถปเทเถฏเทเถฑเทเท.
-...เถธเทเถฝเถบ.
-เทเทเถบเท, เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถเทเถธเถฑเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เทเทเถณเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถบเท, เถเถบเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถธ เถดเถฑเทเถญเทเถบเถเถธ เทเถทเทเถดเถญเทเทเถปเท
เถเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เถดเถฑเทเถญเทเถบ เถดเทเท เถธเทเถฝเถบเถง เถเทเถฑ เถบเถฑเท เถเถญ.
เทเทเทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑ เถเถ เถฑเทเถญเทเถญเถฝเท
เทเทเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถเถดเทเท เถถเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
- เถธเทเถเถเท เทเถปเท เทเทเถญเทเทเถเท เถฑเทเทเท เถธเถเท เถเถธเทเถธเทเถฝ เถดเทเถเทเถเทเถฑเทเท.
- เถเถเทเถฑเท เถเถ เถบเทเถฝเทเทเถฑเท. เถเถบเทเถเท เทเทเถปเถบ เถเถฑเถเถธเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถฏเทเถบเทเถบเถฑเท. เถธเทเถ เทเถปเทเถธ เทเทเถปเถญเถฝเท. เถธเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเท เถธเทเถญเถฑเถง เถเถเทเถเถเทเถฑ เถเทเถบเท.
เถเถบเท เถเทเทเถธ เถเทเทเถฏ? เทเทเถณเถบเท, เถเถบเท เทเถปเทเถธ เถฝเทเทเทเถฑเถบเท.
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถเท เทเทเถปเถญเถฝเทเถฏ?
เถเถดเทเท เถเทเทเถบเถง เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เทเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถเถ เถเถงเถญเท เทเถฉเท เถทเถบเทเถฑเถเถบเท. เทเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถธเทเถฝเทเถฑเทเถธ เถธเถง เถเถปเทเถดเถซเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเทเท เถเถญเทเถปเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเถง เถธเท เถเทเถฑ เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถบเท,
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถธเถธ เถธเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถเถบเท เทเถเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเทเท.
เถขเถปเทเท.
เถเถปเทเถซเทเถเถป เถธเถเท เถขเทเทเทเถญเถบ เถถเทเถปเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเถธ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถเถดเทเถบเท.
เถเถบเทเถง เทเทเถญเทเถญเทเถบเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถเทเถญเถฅ เทเทเถฑเทเท.
เทเทเถบเท.
เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถบเท, เถธเถธ เถดเทโเถปเถธเทเถฏเถบเท.
เถเถฏ เถดเทเทเทเถปเทเทเท เทเทเถฝเท เทเท เถบเทเถฑเทเทเถฑเท-เถเท เทเท เถทเทเถธเทเถเถธเทเถดเทเทเถเท เทเทเถฏเท เทเทเถบ .
เถเถธเทเถดเถฑเถบเท เถเทเถฑเทเถฏเทโเถปเถบ
เถธเทเถฑเทเถเท-เถฝเทเถบเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเท เถดเทเทเถฝ เถฝเทเท เถเถฑเทเทเถปเถซเถบ เทเทเถบ.
เทเทเถปเทเถญเทเถเถปเท เถเทเถธเท เทเทเทเทเทเถญเถป เทเทเถปเทเถญเทเทเถเท เทเถธเถ เทเทเถถเท เถเถฉเทเทเถบเท เทเทเถงเท .
เทเทเถปเทเถญเทเถเถปเท เถเทเถธเท?
เถเทเท, เถธเท เถเทเถธเท เถบเท-เถขเทเถฑเท.
เถเถดเถง เทเทเถฏเทเทเทเถธเท เถดเทเทเทเถถเถณ เถฏเท เทเถงเทเถฑเถเท เถฝเถถเท เถเถญ เทเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถธเทเถธ เทเทเถฏเทเทเทเถธ เทเทเถฏเท เทเทเถบเท
เถดเทเทเถฝเท เถฏเทเทเท เถเทเทเถป เทเทเทเทเถเถบเทเถฏเทเถบ.
เถทเท เถเถธเทเถดเถฑ เถธเทเถดเถเถบ
4,8 เถ เทเทเทเทเถฝ เถทเทเถธเทเถเถธเทเถดเทเทเถเท เถธเถฑเทเถฑ เถฝเถฏเท,
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเถธเทเถดเถฑ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถซเท
เถธเทเถฑเทเถเท-เถฝเทเถบเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเท เถดเทเทเถฝ เถเทเถฝ เถดเถธเถซเท.
เถ เทเทเถฝเทเทเท เถเทเถฉเถเท เทเทเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเถบเท เถเถป เถเทเทเถบเท เถปเท เทเทเถณเทเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเทเถบเท ,
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เทเทเถญเทเถญเทเทเถฑเทเถญ เทเถฑเทเถฑเถง, เถเทเทเทเถฏเท เทเทเถฑเทเทเถเทเถปเท เถเทเถฏเทเทเถเถเถบเถเท เทเทเถฏเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบ
.
เถทเทเถธเทเถเถธเทเถดเทเทเถง เถดเทเถป,
เถดเทเทเถฝ เทเทเถปเทเถญเท เทเทเถบ
เถถเทเท เถเถธเทเถดเถฑ เทเถฝเถง เถเทเถฏเทเถปเท เทเท เถเถญเท เถถเทเถง.
เถเทเถปเทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถเท เถเถเทเถธเถฑเท เถดเทโเถปเถญเทเถเทเถปเถบเถง เทเทเถญเทเถญเทเถบเท ,
เทเทเถบเถฝเทเถธ เทเทเทเทเถฑเท เถเถปเถเทเทเทเถญเท เถเทเถญเท เถเถปเถฑ เถฝเถฏเท.
เถฏเทเถฑเท เถธเถธ เถเถธ เทเทเถฎเทเถฑเถบเท เทเทเถงเท เทเทเทเทโเถบเถบเทเถเท เทเถธเถ เทเถธเทเถธเทเถ เทเทเถเถเทเถกเทเทเถเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท .
เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ เถเถ?
เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ เถเถ? เถเถ เถทเถบเทเถฑเถ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถญเท.
เถเถ เถเทเทเทเถญเทเถธ เถถเถบ เทเทเถญเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถบเถเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เถเถดเท
เถเทเถปเทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถเท เถเถดเถฏเทเทเท เถเถฑเทเถเถธเถฑเถบ เถเทเท เทเทเถญเถปเถบเท.
เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ, เถดเทเทเทเทเทเถฏ?
-เทเถธเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ, เถเถบเทเถเท เทเทเถบ...
- เถธเทเท เถญเถฑเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถ เทเทเถธเทเถธ เถเถญเถฑเถง เถดเถฑเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถฏเทเทเทเทเท.
เถเถบเทเถเท เถเทเทเท เถญเทเทเทเถฝ เทเทเถฝเท เทเถเท.
เถเถบเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถเถเถญ เถปเทเถ เถดเถปเทเถเทเทเถซเถบเถเทเถฑเท เถเถญเท เถดเทโเถปเถบเทเถขเถฑเถบ เถเทเถธเถเทเถฏ ?
เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเถฏเทเทเถญเท เถฏเทเถฑเถเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเถธ เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท.
เถเทเทเทเทเทเถเท เถเทเทเทเถฏเท เถฏเทเถฑ เถฑเทเถเถฑเท เถเถญ.
-เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
-เถเถเทเถฝเทเถฝเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท เถเถบเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
-เถเถบเท เถปเถฉเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
-เถเทเทเถฏ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถบเท เถธเทเทเทเถธ เทเทเถซเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท?
เทเถเถฑ เถเทเทเทเถดเถบเถเท เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถฏ เถเถดเท เถขเทเทเทเถญ เถถเทเถปเท เถเทเถฑเทเถธ เถเทเถฑ เถเถดเท เถเทเถปเทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถง เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเทเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเทเถธเถญเทเถบเท .
เถเถบ เทเทเถปเทเถดเทเถปเทเถฏเท เถถเทเถเท เถดเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถบเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถธเถธ เถเถฝเทเถดเถฑเท เถเทเท .
เถเถบ เถปเทเถฉเท, เถขเทเทเทเทเท เถขเทเถเถเท เถฏเทเถบเถซเทเถบเถบเท.
เถเถบ เถเท-เถดเทเถดเท เถดเทเทเทเถธเถบเถเท.
-เถเทเทเทเถธ เทเทเถซเถญเท, เทเทเถธเทเถธ เถเถปเถเทเทเทเถญเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถ เถเทเถฑ เถเถดเท เทเถญเทเถงเท เทเทเถฑเทเท.
-เถธเถง เทเทเถณเถงเถธ เถธเทเถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เถเถถ เทเถญเทโเถบเถบ เถเทเถฑ เถเทเถญเทเทเถฝเถบเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเทเถฑเทเทเถฏ?
"เถเถดเท,
เถขเท,
"เทเทเถบเทเถเท."
"U-ta-u-seom-seok choi-gi-sa-che
yuk-bu-jeom-ja."
เถญเถญเทเทเถบ เถญเทเถญเท เถฑเถปเถ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเทเถธเถง,
เถธเทเทเท, เถธเทเถฉเทเถบเถฑเท เทเท เถเถงเทเทเทเทเถฑเท
เถธเท เทเทเถปเทเถปเท เถเทเทเท เทเทเทเทเถฝ เทเทเถซเท.
เถธเถง เถเถฏเทเทเถเท เถฑเทเทเท.
"เถเถถเท เถขเทเทเทเถญเถบ เทเถปเทเท
เทเถฏเทเถงเถธ เถเถธเถฑเท เถเทเถปเทเถธ."
เถเถเถบเท เถถเถฝเถฐเทเถปเทเถฑเท
เถดเทเถเทเถซ เถดเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถฑเทเถบเทเถ เถเทเท.
"Sang-in-yuk-yi-bi-ja
yi-ryo-so-hu-ga-sal."
เถธเทเถฑเทเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เถธเทเถเท เถเถฑเทเถทเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถญเถปเถถเทเถปเท เทเท เถเถบ
เถเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เถเถเทเถปเถง เถเทเถฑเท เถญเทเถถเทเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฑเทเท เถเท เทเทเถเทเถบ .
เถเถถ เทเถปเท.
เถ เถปเทเถเทเทเถบเทเถง เถธเทเถปเทเถฏเทเถบ เถธเทเทเทเทเทเถเทเถเท เทเท เถธเทเถฉเทเถบเทเถเทเถเท เทเทเถฉเถบ เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท .
เถเถบ เถธเทเทเทเถฏ เถเทเทเทเถบ.
"Ja-go-shi-ji bu-sil-jeong-in-so-ja
yi-so-tu-sin."
เถธเทเถธ เถดเทเถเทเถซ เถญเถธ เถดเทเถธเทเทเถญเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเถธเท เทเท เถญเถปเทเถซเถบเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเท เทเทเถฎเทเถฑเถบเถบเท
-เถญเถธเถฑเทเท เถเถญเทเทเถง เทเทเทเท เถเทเท.
-เถเถฝเท-เถเถฉเถฏเทเทเท-เถเถญเทเถป.
เถเถบเท เถดเทเทเทเทเถญเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถเถ เถดเทเถฑเทเถฑเถฑเทเท.
เทเถปเท, เถธเถง เทเถธเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถดเทเทเทเถซ เถเถฉเถฏเทเทเท เถเถญเทเถป.
เถ-เถปเท, เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เถเถฏ เถฏเทเถเถงเถธ เถดเถปเถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเถญเทเถฑเท...
เถเถฑเทเถฑ. เถธเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ?
-เถธเถเท เถดเทเทเถฝเท เถฑเทเถฝ เถเถณเทเถธ.
-...เถขเทเถบเทเถเถเทเถฑเท เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเถฏเทเถฏ เถขเทเถบเทเถเถเทเถฑเท เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท?
เถเถถเถง เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐเถบเถเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถธเทเถด เถธเทเถญเทเถปเทเถเท .
-เถเถฏ เถเถบเทเถเท เถเทเถซเทเถฉเท เทเทเถณเถง เถดเทเถฑเทเท.
-เทเทเถญเทเถญเทเถบเท.
เถเถบเทเถง เถดเทเทเทเท เถถเทเถฝ เถเทโเถปเทเถฉเทเท เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑเถฏ ?
-เถธเถง เถญเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท.
-เถดเทเทเทเถดเถฑเทเถฏเท? เทเถปเท.
เถเถ เทเถปเท เทเถเท.
เถธเทเถปเทเถเถบ เทเถฑ เทเทเถง, เถธเถง เทเทเถบเทเถ-เถเทเทเทเถฑเทเท เถดเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถบเท เถเถญเถฑเถธเถบเท.
เถฑเทเทเท, เถเทเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เทเทเถณเถบเท, เถธเถธ เทเถญเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถเถฑเถญเทเถปเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท
, เถ เถฑเทเทเท เถดเถปเทเทเทเทเถธเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ...
เถธเท เทเถเท เถญเทเถฑเถ เถดเทเทเถฝเถเท เทเถฏเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถซเท เถเถบเท ?
เถเถบเท เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ
เถ เถเถเทเถเทเถธ เทเทเถปเถเถธเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถฏ เถบเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเถบเท เถเถญเถฑเถธ เถเถฑเทเถฑ. เถเถบเท เถเถ เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถญเท.
เทเทเทเทเถเทเถกเท เทเทเถญเทเถ
เถเถ เทเทเถบเทเถเถญเทเถญเท.
SEO เถขเทเถฑเท-เถเทเถบเทเถ, เถธเทเถฑเทเถเท-เถฝเทเถบเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเท เถดเทเทเถฝ
เทเถเทเทเถฐเทเถฑเถบ: เทเถเทเทเถเทเถญเทเถ เถฑเทเทเทเถฑ
เถดเทเถฉเทเถฉเถเท เทเทเถญเถฝเท เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเทเถ เถฏเทเทเท เถญเทเถฑเถเท เทเถงเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเถ เทเทเถญเทเถเถบเถเท เทเทเถญเถปเถเท
เถเถดเทเถง เถญเท เถฏเทเทเท เถญเทเถฑเถเท เถธเทเถฝเถฏเท เถเถฑเทเทเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท เถฏเทเทเท เถญเทเถฑเถเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ เถฑเทเถฏเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเท ?
เถเถเทเถเถป เถธเทเถฉเถบเทเถเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท. เถเถเทเถเทเถธ เทเถปเท เถบเถบเท.
เถเถดเทเถง เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถธเทเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถดเท เถฏเทเถเถเท เถเถดเท เทเถ เถญเทเถบเทเถเทเถฑ
เถเถญเทเถปเท เถงเทเถ เทเทเถฑเท 30,000 เถถเทเถเทเถฑเท เทเทเถเทเถซเถฑเทเท.
เถเถดเถง เถฑเทเถญเท เถฏเท เถธเทเถฏเทโเถปเทเทเถเท เถดเถธเถซเถบเท.
-เทเถปเท.
-เถเถบเท เถเถเถเท เทเถฏเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ.
เถเถดเท เถเทเทเถง เถธเทเถฏเทโเถปเท เถญเทเถถเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเถฏ?
เถธเทเถฏเทโเถปเทเทเถเท เถฑเทเถธเทเถญเทเท เถเทเท เทเถเทโเถบ เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถญเท เถธเถธ เถเถเถเท เทเถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ?
เถธเถเถฑเถบเถเท เทเถธเถ.
เทเท เถเถถ เถเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ?
เถเถ เถเถบเทเถเท เถปเทเทเทเทเท, เถธเถเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เทเถปเท,
เถเถญเทเถฑเท เถธเถธ เถเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถฝเท เทเถธเทเถขเถบเท.
เถเถฉเทเถธ เถญเถปเถธเท
เถขเถปเท เทเถธเทเถขเถบเถ เทเทเถงเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถเถดเถปเทเถธ เถดเทโเถปเถบเทเถขเถฑ เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เถเทเทเถธ เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเท
เถดเทเถ-เถดเทเถ เทเถธเทเถข เทเทเถฝเทเทเถ เทเถเท.
เถธเถธ.
เถธเถธ เถฏเถเทเถบเท.
เถธเถง เถฏเทเถธเทเทเทเถงเทเถบเถเท เถเถฑเท.
เถเถดเทเท เถเถฝเทเถฝเถบเท เถเถณ เถฑเทเทเท.
HEO WAN-SU (เทเทเทเถฑเทเทเถฑเทเถญ)
เถธเถธ เถเทเถฏเทเทเถญเท เถเทเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท. เถเทเถฏเทเทเถญเท.
เถธเถธ เถเทเทเถธ เถญเถธเถบเท.
เถเถฑเทเถเท เถธเทเถฑเท-เถบเท (เถปเถเทเถเทเท)
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถธเถธ เถฑเทเถญเถปเถธ เถเทเทเทเทเถฑเทเท.
เถธเทเถฑเท-เถ เทเท เทเถฑเท-เทเท?
เทเทเถณเถบเท, เถเทเทเถฑเท
เถเถเถง เถเทเถฉเถเท เถเทเถฝเถบเถเท เถเถญ เถเถปเถฑเทเท.
เถเถบเท เถเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถบเท?
เถ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถฏเท เทเถปเท เถเถเถง เถเถปเถฏเถปเทเถฝเถง เถดเทเถงเถฝเทเถฑเทเทเถฏ?
เถเทเท, เถธเทเถฑเท-เถ เทเท เทเถฑเท-เทเท?
เถ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเถธ เถธเถเท เถดเถฑเทเถญเทเถบเท.
เทเถฑเท-เทเทเถเท เถเถฑเทเทเถปเทเถฎ เถฑเทเถธเถบ เถฝเถเท.
เทเทเทเถฑเทเท เทเทเถธเทเทเถงเถธ เถเถบเท เทเทเถบเท เถเถฑเท.
เถธเท เถเถญเถป,
เถธเทเถฑเท-เถบเท เถบเถฑเท เถปเถเทเท เถบ.
เถเทเท เทเทเถธ เทเทเถงเถธ เถฏเทเทเถฝเท เทเถเถเทเถปเทเถซ เถเถปเถบเท.
-เถเถเถง เถบเถฑเทเถฑ.
-เถธเทเถฑเท-เถบเทเถง เถขเทเถฝเทเทเทเทเท เถเทเถฑ เทเทเถเทเถธเท เถเถญเท เทเทเถซเท.
เถฑเทเทเท, เถเทเท เถเทเทเถธ เถเทเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเทเท, เถเทเท เถเทเท.
เถเทเท เถเทเทเถธ เถเทเท เถฑเทเทเท!
เถเถบเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเทเท เทเถเท.
-เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถเทเถธเถญเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถเถบเท เถฏเทเถฑเถเทเถฑ เทเทเถงเทเถบเท เถฑเท.
- เถเถ เทเถปเท.
เถเถบเท เถฏเทเถฑเถเทเถฑ เทเทเถงเทเถบเท เถฑเทเทเท เถธเถธเถญเท เถเถบเทเถง เถเทเถธเถญเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เทเทเถบเท, เถเถบ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเท.
เถดเถฝเถบเถฑเท เถเทเทเถบเถง.
เถเถญเทเถญเถธ เถเทเทเทเทเทเถญเท, เถธเทเถฑเท-เถบเท
เถเถปเถฏเถป เถเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถฑเทเถนเทเถปเท เทเทเถฑเทเท.
เถธเท เทเถญเทเทเท, เถเทเท
เถดเทเทเถฝเถง เทเทเถธเทเทเทเถงเถปเท เถเทเถฑเทเถเท เถเทเถฑเทเทเท, เถเถ เถฑเทเถญเท เทเทเถซเท.
เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เทเทเถธเทเทเทเถงเถปเท เถเทเถฑเทเถเทเทเถญเท เถเทเถฑเทเทเท?
เทเทเถธเทเทเทเถงเถปเท เถธเถเท เถบเทเทเทเทเท.
เถธเถเท เทเทเถปเถญเถฝเท เถดเทเถฉเท เถบเทเทเทเทเท.
เถธเถเท เถเถฏเถปเถซเทเถบ เถดเทเถเถเท เถบเทเทเทเทเท.
เถเถเท เถฑเถธ เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท.
เถธเทเถฑเท-เถ เถดเทเทเถฝเถง เถธเทเถบเทเถเท เถเทเถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เถเถ เถเทเทเถเทเถฝเทเถง เถเทเถฑเทเทเท?
เถเทเถฉเท เทเท เถธเทเถฉ. เถเทเทเถฑเท เถถเทเทเท เทเถธเทเถฑเถบเท.
เถเถ เทเทโเถบเทเถบเทเถธ เทเทเถฝเทเทเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเถเทเถง.
เถธเถธ เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เถดเทเถงเทเถงเทเถบเถ เถฏเทเถฝเท เถเทเท.
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถธเถธ เถเถดเทเท เถดเทเถธเทเถซเท เทเทเถง,
เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เถเทเทเทเถฑเท.
เถธเถธ เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฝเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถบเถฑ เทเทเทเทเทเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถธเถง เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถบเท .
เถฑเท, เถเถบเท เถเทเทเถธ เถเทเท เถฑเท.
เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เถดเทเถงเทเถงเทเถบ เถฏเทเถฝเท เถเทเถบเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ?
เถเถถเทเถฑเท เถเถญเท เทเทเถธเถง.
เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเท?
เถฑเทเทเท!
เทเถฑเท-เทเท เถเถ เทเทเถญเทเถธเถญเทเถธ เถเทเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถธเทเทเทเถงเถปเทเท เถดเทเถบ เทเถบเถเท เทเถเถเถเถฑเทเถฑเถฏ?
เถเทเทเทเถธ เทเทเถฏเทเทเถเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท, เถเถบเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเท?
เถ เถธเถเทเถฝ เถธเทเถบเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเท?
เถธเทเถฑ เถธเทเถฉเถบเทเถเทเถฏ.
เถธเถง เถเถ เทเทเถณเถงเถธ เทเทเถเถบเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เทเทเท เถดเทเถงเทเถดเทเถง เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐ เถเถปเถฑ เถดเทเถเถซเท เทเทเถฝเถเท เทเทเถฑเท เถฏเทเถบเถเท เถธเถง เถดเทเถฑเท ,
เถ เทเถเทเถธ เถเถ เถธเถง เถเถปเถฏเถป เถเถปเถฑเทเท.
เถธเถง เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเถฑ เถเท เทเทเถเท เถเทเทเทเทเถเท เถฑเทเถญ.
เทเถฑเท-เทเท เถเทเทเทเถงเถปเทเถบเถง เถเทเทเท
เทเทเถดเท เถเถฑเทเถงเทเถฑเถปเถบ เถดเถปเทเถเทเทเท เถเทเท.
เทเถธเถบเทเถฑเทเถง
เถเทเถธ เถเถฑ เถเถญเถปเถญเทเถป เทเท เถเถง เถดเทเถป เทเถธเถฑเถบ เถเทเถบเท
เทเทเถธเทเทเทเถงเถปเท เทเทเถดเท เถเทเทเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เทเทเถญเทเถเทเถฑ.
เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเท เถฝเทเถเท เถเถปเถเทเถฑ เถเถฌเทเทเท.
เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เทเทเถดเทเถปเท เถเถเถปเทเทเถฑเทเถบเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฏเทเถฏเท เถเถบเทเถฝเถง เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ เถเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท ?
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เทเถฑเท-เทเท เถธเถง เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เทเทเถบเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเท.
เถงเท-เถฉเท.
เถเถ เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท เทเทเถฑ เถดเถฑเทเถญเท เถเทเถธเถปเถบเถ เถเทเถซเท เถเทเถฉเถบเถ .
เถเถดเท เทเถญเทเถงเทเถฑเท.
เถเถดเท เทเถฏเทเถงเถธ เถธเทเถญเทเถปเถฑเท.
-เทเถฏเทเถงเถธ เทเทเถณเถธ เถธเทเถญเทเถปเถฑเท!
-เถธเทเถฑเทเท เทเทเถซเถญเท.
เถธเท เทเถญเทเทเท, เทเถฑเท-เทเท
เทเทเทเทเถฑเทเถง เถเทเถธเทเถ เถฏเถปเทเทเถฑ เทเทเถเทเถซเทเถธ เถฑเทเทเท เถเถปเถฏเถปเถบเถเถง เถดเถญเท เทเทเถบ .
เถธเถธ เถเถบ เถฏเทเถฑเถเถญเทเถญเท.
เถเถ เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถเถถเท เถดเทโเถปเถทเทเท เถฑเทเทเถญ เถเถปเทเถดเถซเถบ เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเถดเถเทเถปเท เทเทเถฏ ?
เถเถถ เถเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถธ เถฏเทเถบเถเท
เทเทเถณ เถเถปเถธเทเถซเถเท เทเถณเทเท เถทเทเทเทเถญเท เถเท เถบเทเถญเทเถบ.
เถเถธเท เถดเทโเถป เถธเถฑเท เถฐเถฑเท เทเทเทเทเทเท.
เถธเทเถฑเทเทเทเทเท เถถเถฝเทเถดเทเถปเทเถญเทเถญเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เทเทเถณ เถฏเทเทเถฝเท เทเทเถญเถปเถบเท,
เถ เถฑเทเทเท เถธเถง เถธเทเทเถธ เถดเทเถฝเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเท.
เถเถบเทเถง เถบเทเทเทเทเท เถเทเถฉเถเท เถฑเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเทเถฏ เถเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถบเท เถเทเถฑ เถธเทเถเถฏ?
เทเทเถณเถบเท, เถเถถ เถธเทเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท
เถเถถเทเถธ เถดเทโเถปเถบเทเถขเถฑเถบ เทเถณเทเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถเถเถเทเทเถญเท เถฑเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถ เทเถปเทเถธ เถฑเถปเถเถบเท. เถธเถง เถเถเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเถบเท เทเถปเท, เถธเถง เถบเทเทเทเทเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถดเถฑเทเถญเท เถปเทเทเทเทเทเถธเทเทเถฝเถง เทเทเถทเทเถเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบ เทเทเถเทเถบ
, เถฑเทเถญเทเทเถญเท เถเถฑเท เถเถบเถเท เทเทเทเทเท เถธเถเถเถฝเทโเถบเทเถฝเถง เถฑเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเทเถธเท,
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถธเถง เถญเทเถธเถญเท เถธเถเท เถดเทเทเถฝเท เถเถบ เทเถเท เถบเทเทเทเทเทเถเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเทเท .
เถดเทโเถปเถถเทเถฐเถธเถญเท, เทเถปเทเถฏ?
-เถฏเทเถฑเท เถเถบเทเถง เทเทเถณเถง เถดเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
-เถธเถธ เทเทเถฏเทเถบเถเท เทเทเถฏเทเทเถง เถเถณเถฝเท เถเถบเทเถฑเท เทเทเถซเท
เถดเทเทเถฝเท เทเทเถฏเทเถบเถเถง
เถเถบ เถฑเทเทเท.
-เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
-เถเถดเท เถเทเถบ เถเทเทเถปเทเถฏเทเถฏเท เถธเทเถซเถเทเทเทเถซเท.
เถเถ เถเถเทเถธเถฑเทเถฑเทเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถฝเทเถถเทเถบเท.
เถเถดเท เถเทเทเถปเทเถฏเทเถฏเถเทเถฑเท เถดเทเทเถฝเถเท เทเถเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถเถบเท เถเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท .
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เทเทเถถเท เถธเทเถญเทโเถปเถญเทเทเถบเถฑเท
เถเถญเท เทเทเถธเถง เทเทเถฉเท เถเทเถฝเถบเถเท เถเถญ เถฑเทเทเท.
-เถเถถ เถเทเถฝเทเถเท เถเทเถญเท เถฑเทเถญเถญเท.
-เถเถถเท เถฏเทเท.
เถเถถเท เถฏเทเท เถเทเทเถบเถง เถฏเถธเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถ เถญเถธเถบเท.
เทเทเถณเถบเท, เถเถบเท เถเทเทเทเทเถฏ
เถเถบเทเถเท เถดเทเทเถฝ เถขเทเถฝเท เทเถฝเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถปเทเถฝเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เทเถปเท. เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเถธ เถเถดเถฏเทเถฑเท เถ เทเทเถเทเถบเทเทเถญเท เถเถเทเถ.
เถธเถง เถ เถเทเถฑ เถเทเทเทเถธ เถฏเทเถบเถเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเทเถง เถเทเถปเถฝเท เถเทเถซเทเถฉเถบเถเท เถญเทเถถเทเถฏ?
เถเทเท.
เถ เถเทเถฑ เถเทเถธเถเท เถเทเท เทเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถขเทเถฝเท เถเถฑเทเถเถปเถซเถบ เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเทเถธเถญเทเถบเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเถซเทเถฉเถบเถง เถเทเถธเถญเทเถบเท.
เถเถ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฏ เทเทเถญเทเท?
เถเถญเทเถฑเท,
เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเถเทเถฑเทเถเท เทเถธเถ เถดเทเถงเถฝเท เทเทเถงเทเถธเท เถเถญเท เทเทเถปเทเถฏเทเถฏ เถเทเถธเถเทเถฏ ?
เถธเทเถญเทเถปเถฑเท เถฏเทเถฏเทเถฑเทเถเท เถเถเทเถฑเทเถเทเถง เถถเทเถณเทเถฑ เถเถ เทเทเถณ เถฑเทเทเท .
เถเถ เทเทเถณ เถฑเทเถญเทเถญเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ?
เถเถเทเถฝเทเถฝเท เทเถธเถบเท เทเทเถญเถปเถบเท.
เถฑเทเถญ.
เถ เถฑเทเทเท เถธเทเถฑเทเทเทเทเท เถธเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท เถธเถธ เถฏเทเถเถฝเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเถ เถเทเทเทเถญเทเถธ เทเทเถณ เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท...
เถปเทเทเทเถฝ เถเถดเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถ เทเถปเท.
เถเถบเทเถฝเถเท เถเทเถซเทเถฉ เถเถเทเถเทเถธ เถเถดเถฝเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถ เถเถบเทเถฝเถเท เถเทเถซเทเถฉเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถธเถง เถเทเทเถธ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ เถฑเท.
เถเถ เทเถปเทเถปเถบเท เทเทเถฑเถญเท เถปเทเถธ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท.
เถเถฏเทเทเถบ เถฑเทเทเทเถเทเถบเท.
เถเถญเถเทเถง เถเทเทเถฏ เถเถบเทเถฝเถง เถถเทเถเทเถฑเท เถเถงเท เถเถเถเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเท ?
เถเถ เทเถปเท. เถเทเทเทเถฝเทเถฝเท เถปเทเถธ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท.
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เทเทเทเถเทเทเท เถฑเทเทเถญ เทเทเถฉเทเถฑเทเท.
เทเท...
เถฑเทเถญเทเถดเถญเท เถปเทเถธ เถเทเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถธ เถเทเถฑ เถเทเถธเถเท เถเทเท เทเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถเทเท เทเถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถงเท. เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ, เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถฝเถเท เถเทเถซเทเถฉเทเถง เถธเทเถเถฏ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท ?
เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ
เถขเทเถฝเท เถเทเทเถง เถเถฝเท เถฑเทเถบเถฑ เถฝเทเท เถเทเทเทเถป เถเทเถง เถเทเถฑเทเทเถฏ ?
เถเทเทเท เทเทเถญเถญเท เถเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เทเทเทเถเทเทเท เถฑเทเทเถญ เทเทเถฉเทเถฑเท เถเถญ.
เถเถ เถญเทเถญเท เทเถฝเถเท เถถเทเถฝเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเท เทเทเถเถฝเทเถดเถบเถเท...
เถเถฑเท เถธเถฑเทเถฏเท, เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ.
เถเถบเทเถเท เถเทเถซเทเถฉเท เถดเทโเถปเทเทเถฑเทเถง เถธเถเทเถฑเท เถเถฏเทเทเทเถเท เถเถฑเถฏ ?
เทเทโเถบเทเท เทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเถญเทเถธเถ เทเถปเทเถเทเถเถปเถซเถบ,
เทเทเถฝเทเทเทเถธ 1: เถเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เทเทเทเทเทเท เทเทเทเถเทเทเท
เทเทเถธเทเถฑเทโเถบ เถธเทเถฑเทเทเทเถเท เทเถเถฑ เทเถฝเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเทเถญเท,
เถฏเทเทเถฝเท เถเถปเถธเทเถท เทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถธเถ เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐ เทเท.
เถดเทโเถปเถฐเทเถฑ เทเถปเทเถเทเถเถปเถซเถบเถฑเท เถฏเทเถเถเท เถญเทเถถเท.
เถดเทเถธเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถฑเถธเท...
เถฑเทเทเท, เถเถ เทเทเถปเถฏเทเถบเท.
เถเถฑเทเถฑ, เถเถ เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ, เถเถ เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เถเถบเทเถเท เถเทเถปเถฝเท เถเทเถซเทเถฉเทเถง, A-RA เถเถเถง เทเถปเท เถเทเทเถดเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเถญเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถบเท เทเทเถปเถญเถฝเท เทเทเถบเท.
เถเถฑเทเถเถธเทเถดเท เทเทเถเถญ เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถ เทเทเทเถบเถเถเทโเถปเทเถบ เทเทเถฑเทเถบเท เถดเถฏเทเถฐเถญเทเถบ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑเท.
เถธเถธ เทเทเถปเถฏเทเถบเท.
เทเทเทเถบเถเถเทโเถปเทเถบ เทเทเถฑเทเถบเท เถดเถฏเทเถฐเถญเทเถบ.
เถธเทเถบ
เทเทเถฑเทเถเถธเทเถดเทเถญ เทเทเถฑเทเถบเท เถดเถฏเทเถฐเถญเทเถบเถบเท.
เถดเทเถปเทเถบเทเถธเทเถดเถญเถงเทเถเท เทเทเถฑเทเถบเท เถดเถฏเทเถฐเถญเทเถบเถบเท.
เทเถปเท เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท. เถเถญเทเถฑเท
เทเทเถฑเทเถเถธเทเถดเทเถญ เทเทเถฑเทเถบเท เถดเถฏเทเถฐเถญเทเถบ เถธเทเถเถฏ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเถบ เถเถญเทเถญเทเถขเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถบเท.
เทเท เถธเทเถบ
เถเถญเทเถญเทเถขเถฑเถบเถง เถถเทเถฐเท เถเถปเถบเท.
เถธเท เถฏเทเถเถงเถธ เถดเทโเถปเถญเทเทเทเถปเทเถฏเทเถฐ เทเทโเถปเทเถญ เถเถญ.
เถเถญเทเถฑเท เทเทโเถบเทเท เทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเถญเทเถธเถ เทเถปเทเถเทเถเถปเถซเถบ.
เถเทเท เถเถปเถธเทเถท เทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฏเทเถบเท เถถเถฝเถธเท.
เถเถบ เถฑเทเทเถญเถญเท เถเทเถซเทเถฉ เถฏเทเถเถเถง เถถเทเถฏเท เถเถญ.
เถเถญเทเถฑเท, เถดเทเถธเทเท,
เถเถดเทเถฝ เทเทเถฑเทเถบเทเท.
เถเถบ เถเถดเทเถฝ เทเทเถฑเทเถบเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเถง เถเถฑเท.
เถเทเถเถง...
เถเถ เทเถปเท, เถเทเถณเท เถเถง เถดเทเท.
เถเถดเทเถฝ เทเทเถฑเทเถบเท เถบเทเถเถฝ เถเทเถบเถเท
เถญเทเถถเทเถฏ?
เถเถ เทเถปเท. เถบเทเถเถฝ 12เถเท.
เถธเถญเถ เถญเทเถบเทเถเถฑเทเถฑ เถฝเทเทเทเถบเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถบเท
เถเถฝเทเท เถเถดเถฝเท เถฝเทเทเทเถฑเถง เถดเทเถฑเทเท เถเถญเท.
A-RA เทเทเถญเทเถฑเท
เทเท เถเทเถณเท เถเถง เถดเทเทเท เทเทเถฑเทเถบเทเท?
เถเทเท, เถบเทเถเถฝ 31เถเท.
เถเถเทเถเทเถธ เถเถง เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถฑเทเทเถญเถญเท, เถธเถญเถ เถญเถถเท เถเทเถฑเทเถธ เถดเทเทเทเถบ.
เถญเทเถฏ, เทเทเถฑเทเถเถธเทเถดเทเถญ เทเทเถฑเทเถบเทเท
เทเท เถดเทเถปเทเทเถฑเทเถเถธเทเถดเทเถญ เทเทเถฑเทเถบเทเท
เถดเทโเถปเถญเทเทเทเถปเทเถฏเทเถฐ เถเถเทเถปเทเถฝเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฉ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถฏเทเถฑเท เถเถ เถเถงเถญเท เทเถฉเท เถฝเทเถเทเถบเท.
เถธเถเท เถเทเทเทเท เถธเทเถฑเทเท เทเถปเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถ เถเถฝเทเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถปเทเถธ เทเทเถฑเทเถฏเถขเถฑเถเถบเท.
เถเทเทเทเถญเทเถธ เถฑเทเทเท. เถปเทเถฏเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเถปเทเถซเทเถเถปเถฝเท, เถธเถง เถเถฉ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถดเท เถเทเถปเถบเท.
เถเถบเท?
เทเถธเทเถปเทเทเถง เถ เถเถบเทเถฝเถเท เถเทเทเทเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑ เถเทเทเท เถฑเทเทเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท...
เถขเทเถฝเท เถปเทเถฏเท เทเถฝ เทเทเถปเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเทเถปเท เทเทเถฑ เทเทเถฏเทเถบเถง เถเทเทเทเถป เถเทเถง เถเทเถฝเท เถฏเทเถธเทเถธเทเถญเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ ?
เถเทเทเท เทเทเถญเถญเท เถเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เทเทเทเถเทเทเท เถฑเทเทเถญ เทเทเถฉเทเถฑเท เถเถญ.
เทเทเถฝเทเทเทเถธ 2: เถเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เถเทเทเทเถฝเทเทเถฝ เทเทเทเถเทเทเท
เทเถปเท. เถเทเทเทเถฑ เทเทเถบเทเถฑเท,
เถธเทเถ เถเทเถป เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ
เถธเทเถญเถฑ เถฝเทเถดเถบ เทเถปเทเท.
เถเถง เถดเทเทเทเท เถเถ เถเถฏเถฝเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถฑเทเทเท, เถเทเทเถธ เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เถฑเทเทเถญ เถเถญเทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถฑเทเถเท เถเถฑเทเถญเถบเทเถฑเท เถเถถเถง เถธเถ เถดเทเถฑเทเทเทเถธเถง เถเถฉ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถ เถเทเถฝเทเถฑเทเถธ เถปเทเถเทเท เถฏเทเถเท เถเถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เถเถฝเทเถญเทเถฑเท เถดเถงเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑเท.
เถ เถเถเทเถเทเถธ เทเทเถปเถฏเทเถบเท.
เถฑเทเทเท, เถเทเทเถธ เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เถเถฝเทเถญเทเถฑเท เถดเถงเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เถเถ เทเทเถปเถฏเทเถบเท.
เถเถ เถเถ เถดเทเถปเถง เถญเถญเท เถฏเทเถเถเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑเท.
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถเถ เถเทเทเถฝเท. เถเถ เทเทเถปเถฏเทเถบเท.
เถเถบเท เถเถ เถเทเท.
เถธเท เถธเทเถฏเท เถเทเถงเถบ.
เถธเทเถฏเท เถเทเถงเถบ
เทเท เถดเทเถญเถฝเท เถธเทเถฏเท เถเทเถงเถบ เถเถญเถป เทเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถบเถบเท.
เถเถเท เถเทเทเทเถปเถเท เถเถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ, เถเทเทเถง เถดเทเถธเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ
เถฏเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเทเถง เถดเถญเทเทเท.
เถฑเทเทเถญ เทเทเถฝเท เถเทเถงเถบ เถฝเถถเท เถเทเถฑเทเถธ เทเถณเทเท เถเทเทเทเถป เถฑเทเทเถญ เถเถญเทเทเถง เถฏเถธเถฑเทเถฑ .
เทเถปเท เทเถปเท?
เถเถดเทเถง เถเทเถฝเถบ เถเทเถปเถบเท.
เถเถดเท เถเถฉเทเถธเทเถฉเทเถบเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถฑเทเทเท,
เถเถดเท เทเทเถงเทโเถปเทเถถเทเถปเท เถเทเถงเถบเถง เถบเถธเท.
เถเถดเทเถง เถเถเถเถง เทเทเถญเถปเถเท เถเถฝเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเทเถปเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถเทเทเทเทเท เถเถดเทเถง เถถเทเทเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เถเถบเท เถธเถเท เถฏเทเทเท เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถธเถธ เถเทเทเถดเทเถบ เทเทเทเทเทเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถดเทเถ-เถดเทเถ เทเถธเทเถขเถบ
เถเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเทเถ เถเทเทเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถเท เถถเทเถฝเทเถเท เถเทเทเท เถดเทเท.
เถเถดเท เถดเทเถงเทเถดเท เถเทเถงเทเถงเทเทเทเถฑเท เถเถญเทเทเท เทเทเทเทเทเถญเท เถเทเถฉเถฑเทเถเทเถฝเท เถญเทเถฑเถเท เถญเทเถถเท .
เถ เถเถญเถปเทเถฑเท,
เถธเทเถ เถญเถธเถบเท เถดเถฑเทเถญเท เถเทเถธเถป เถญเทเถบเทเถฑ เถเถ.
เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเถฝ เทเทเถทเทเถ เทเถ เทเถฑ เทเทเถง เถเทเทเทเทเทเถเท เถดเทเถงเทเถดเท เถเทเถงเทเถงเทเท เถทเทเทเทเถญเท เถฑเทเถเถปเถบเท .
เถเถบเทเถฝเท เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถ เถเถบเทเถฝเถง เถเถปเถฏเถปเถบเถเท เทเทเถบเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เถดเทเถงเทเถดเท เถเทเถงเทเถงเทเทเท,
เถเทเถฉเถฑเทเถเทเถฝเทเถฝเถง เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐ เถเถปเถฑ เถดเทเถฝเถธเถเท เถญเทเถถเท.
เถเถญเทเถฑเทเถฑเท
เถเถดเถง เถธเทเถฏ เถดเถฉเทเถดเทเทเถง เทเถเท เทเทเถบ เทเทเถเทเถบเท.
เถด.เท. 6:30 เถง เถดเทเถฝเถธ เทเทเท เถฏเถธเถฑ
เถถเทเทเทเถฑเท, เทเทเถปเท เถถเทเท เถบเทเถธเถง เถดเทเถป เถเถด เถเถญเทเทเท เทเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเถบ.
เถดเทเถฝเถธ
เทเทเถธ เถธเทเถฝเถเถธ
เถปเทเถญเทโเถปเท เถปเทเถขเถเทเถปเทเถบเท เถเทเถปเทเทเถปเถบเทเถเท เทเทเถงเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถดเท เถธเทเถเถฏ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถธเทเทเท เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถญเทเถฑเทเทเถฑ เถธเทเถฝเท,
11 เทเถฑ เทเทโเถปเทเถซเทเถบเท เทเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเถณเทเท เถดเถฑเทเถญเท เถเทเถธเถป เทเทเทเทเท เถญเทเถถเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเถบ.
เทเถปเทเถบเถงเถธ เถปเทเถญเทโเถปเท 8:10 เทเทเถง 8:30 เถฏเถเทเทเท,
เถเทเถปเทเทเถปเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฎเทเถฑ เถธเทเถปเท เถเถปเถฑเท เถเถญ.
เถ เถเถดเท เถเทเทเทเทเท.
เถดเถฉเทเถดเทเทเถเท เถฑเทเถเทเถธเถง เถธเทเถฑเทเถญเทเถญเทเทเถเถงเถญเท เถเถฉเท เถเทเถฝเถบเถเท เถเถญเทเถฑเท เถเถญ .
เถเถดเท เถเทเถปเทเถฉเทเท เถดเทเท เถเทเทเถธ, เถเถดเทเถง เถเถปเถเทเทเทเถญเถบเท.
เถดเถฑเทเถญเท เถเทเถธเถปเทเถฝ เถเทเถปเทเทเถปเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถ เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถเถดเทเถง เทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเถฝเถบเถง เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฏเทเท เทเทเถบเทเถฏ?
เถธเทเถฉเถบเท.
เถเถดเท เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเถฝเถบเถง เถเทเถบเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถเถบเท เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถธเถธ เถเถ เถเถเถเถง เทเทเถฑเท 50,000เถเถง เทเทเถเทเถซเถฑเทเท.
เถเทเทเทเถซเท เทเถธเถบเทเถฑเท เทเทเถปเถเถธ เทเทเถปเทเถญเท เถเทเทเถญเท?
เถเทเทเถฑเทเถง เถเถบ เทเทเถฑเทเถฏเถขเถฑเถเถบเท.
เทเถธเทเถปเท เถ เถเทเถฝเท เถเถดเท เถเถเถ เทเทเถฑเทเทเถง เถเถบเทเถฝเถเท เถเทเทเถฑเท เถดเทเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเท .
เถเทเทเทเถฑเถบเท เถเถดเท เถเทเทเถฑเท เทเถธเถ เถเถซเทเถฉเทเถบเถธเท เทเถธเทเทเทเถธเถเท เถฑเทเถบเถธ เถเทเท .
เถเทเท เถดเทเทเทเทเทเถญเท, เถธเถธ เถเถถเถง เทเทเถท เถดเถญเถฑเทเท.
เถเทเท, เถเถเถเทโเถปเทเทเทเถบเทเถฑเท...
เถฑเทเทเท, เถเถบเทเถง เถถเทเทเท.
เถเถ เถเถบเทเถญเท เถธเทเถปเทเถซเท เถเทเถฑเทเถเทเถง.
เถเถฑเทเถญเทเถธเถง เถเถ เถเทเท.
เถธเทเถ เถฝเทเทเท เถฑเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท, เถเถฏเถง เถ เถเถญเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเท.
เถเถดเท เถเทเถ เถดเถฑเทเถญเทเถบเทเถฏเท, เถเถถ
เทเถธเถฑเถฝ เถเทเถงเถบ เทเท เถถเถญเทเถเทเถปเท เถเทเถงเถบ เถเถเทเถฑ เถเทเถฑ เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเถปเถฑเท เถเถญ.
เถถเถญเทเถเทเถปเท เถเทเถงเถบ
เถงเทเถเถเท เถเถดเถเทโเถปเถธเทเทเถฝเท เทเถฑเท เถเถญ.
เถธเถธ เถเถ เถปเทเถดเถบเถเทเถฑเท เถดเทเทเทเถฏเทเถฝเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถถเถญเทเถเทเถปเท เถเทเถงเถบ เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐเถบเทเถฑเท,
เถเถเถเทเถป เถเทเถงเถบเถเท,
เถดเทเถบเทเถดเถญเท เถเทเถงเถบเถเท,
เทเท เถถเถญเทเถเทเถปเทเถเทเถเท เทเทเถฉเถบ เทเทเถฏเทเถธเถง เถฏเทเทเทเถญเทเท เถเทเถงเถบเถเท เถทเทเทเทเถญเท เถเถปเถบเท.
เถธเทเถธ เถฏเทเทเทเถญเทเท เถเทเถงเถบ
dori เถเทเถงเถบเถเท เถฝเทเทเถฏ เทเทเถณเทเถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเทเถเถฏ เถเถ เทเถปเทเถบเถง เถถเถถเทเถเท
เถเถฝเทเท เถฏเทเถดเทเถญเทเถญเถง เทเถฑเถฑเทเท เทเถเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเถเถง เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฉเทเถปเท เถฉเทเถปเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
-เถเถ เทเถธเทเถฑเถบเท--
-เถธเถธ เถเถเทเถฑ เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑเถฏ?
เถธเท เทเทเถบเถฝเท เทเถเถเทเถปเทเถซ เถเทเถง?
เถเถญเทเถญ เทเทเถบเทเถฑเท.
เถธเทเถบ
เถเถด เถเถญเท เทเทเถดเถปเทเถเทเทเทเถเทเถปเท เทเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเท เถฏเทเถบเถเท.
เถเถดเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเทเถธ เทเทเถฉ เถเถปเถฑ เถเทเถงเถบ เทเทเถบเท เถเถญ เถบเทเถญเทเถบเท .
เถธเถธ เถเถ เถเถฉ เถเถณเถฑเท เถดเทเทเทเถฏเทเถฝเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถธเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเถญเทเถเทเถปเทเถเท เทเทเท.
เทเทเท เทเทเถฏเท เถเถญเทเถญเท เถเถเถเทเถป เถเทเถงเถบเถเท เถทเทเทเทเถญเท เถเถปเถธเทเถฑเท.
เถธเทเถธ เถเทเถงเถบเถง เถเถธ เถฑเถธ เถฝเทเถถเทเถซเท
เถเถบ เถฑเทเทเทเถธเท เถธเถฝเถ เถดเทเทเทเถงเทเถงเทเทเถเท เถธเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเทเทเทเถฑเท.
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถ เถงเทโเถปเถบเท เถเทเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถธเทเถบ เถถเทเทเท เทเทเถง เถดเทเทเทเถธ เถเถ เทเทเถบ เทเทเถเทเถบ.
เถเถบเท เถเถ เถเถญเทเทเทเท เถเทเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเทเถเถง เถดเทเถบเทเถดเถญเท.
เถดเทเถบเทเถดเถญเท เถเทเถงเถบเถญเท เถฝเทเทเทเถบเท--
เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เถธเถง เถธเทเทเทเถธ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถดเท เถฑเทเถญเทเถธเทเถฏ?
เถฑเทเทเท, เถเถปเทเถซเทเถเถป เถเถฏเทเถปเทเถบเถง เถบเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบ เทเถฉเทเถญเท เทเทเทเทเถญเถปเทเถญเทเถธเถเท เถดเทเทเทเถฏเทเถฝเท เถเทเทเทเถญเท,
เถเทเถงเถบ เทเถฏเถฑ เทเทเถงเท เถเถบเทเถง เถดเทเถฑเทเถฑเถฑเทเถฑ เถธเท เถดเทเถญ เถดเทเทเทเถเทเถเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท .
เถเถซเทเถญเถบ
เทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเถฝ เถดเทโเถปเทเทเท เถเถฏเถปเทเท เถดเถปเทเถเทเทเถซ เถเทเถฝเทเถงเทเถฑ
เถเถฑเทเถเท เถธเทเถฑเท-เถบเท
เทเทเถบเท.
เถเถบ เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถเท-เทเทเทเท เถเถเท เถดเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเทเถง เทเถฉเท เถเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเท.
เถเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถเท-เทเทเทเท.
เถเถบเทเถเท เถดเทเถฑ.
เถเถ เถญเทเถบเทเถเถฑเทเถฑ, เทเถปเทเถฏ?
เถธเถง เถญเทเถญเท เถดเทเทเทเถญเทเถปเท เถดเถญเทโเถปเถบเถเท เถฝเถถเท เถเถญ เทเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถฏเทเทเท, เถฏเทเถญเทเถฑ, เถฏเทเทเถญเถป, เถดเทเทเทเท,
เถฏเทเทเถบ, เถฏเทเทเถญ,
เถฏเทเถเถง, เถฏเทเถฑเท, เทเทเทเทเท,
เทเทเทเทเถเถ, เทเทเทเท เถฏเทเถ, เทเทเทเทเถญเทเถฑ,
เทเทเทเทเทเถญเถป, เทเทเทเทเถดเท...
เถเถ, เถฏเทเถ, เถญเทเถฑ, เทเถญเถป, เถดเท,
เทเถบ, เทเถญ, เถเถง, เถฑเทเถบ, เถฏเทเถบ, เถเถเทเทเท,
เถฏเทเทเท, เถฏเทเถญเทเถฑ, เถฏเทเทเถญเถป...
เทเทเทเทเถเถง, เทเทเทเทเถฑเทเถบ, เถญเทเท.
เถธเท เทเทเถฏเทเถบเถง 30 เทเถญเทเทเถเท เถเถถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถปเทเถซเทเถเถป
เถเถถเท เถเถเทเถฝเท เถดเทเถบเถบเทเถปเท เทเทเถดเถปเทเท เถฑเทเทเถฑ เถถเทเถง เทเถ เถถเถฝเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถญเทเถฏ, เถดเถดเทเทเท เทเถธเทเถดเทเถฉเถฑ เถเถญเถป,
เถปเทเถฐเทเถปเถบ เถฑเทเทเถญ เทเถฏเทเถญเถง เถเถฝเท เถบเทเถธเถง เทเทเถเท เทเถฑ เถดเถปเทเถฏเท เถดเถดเทเท เถดเทโเถปเถธเทเถซเทเถญเท เถฝเทเท เถฝเทเทเทเถฝเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเถฉ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ .
เถเถถเถง เถเถญเทเทเทเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเทเทเทโเถบ เถฑเถธเท เถเถถเท เถเถญ เถเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เทเทเถฑเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเทเทเถฑเทเท เถเถฏเทเทเทเทเท
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถญเถฑ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถธเทเถ เถเถบเทเถเท เถดเทเทเถฝ เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เถเถบเทเถฑเท-เถบเถ.
เถเถฑเท เถเถบเทเถฑเท-เถบเถ!
เถเทเถ เทเท-เถปเทเถ เทเทเทเทเถฑเท เถดเทเทเถฝเท เทเทเถฏ เถฝเทเถดเทเถเทเถฑเท เถธเถญ เถดเถฏเถฑเถธเทเท
เถ เถดเทเทเถฝเท เทเทเถฏเทเถบเถบเท
เถเถดเท เถเถเทเถธเถฑเทเถฑเท เถดเถฝเท เถบเถธเท
เถเถดเท เทเทเถธเทเถธ เถธเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑเถบเท เถบเถฑเทเถฑเท
เถเถเทเถธเถฑเทเถฑเท เถดเถฝเท เถบเถธเท
เถ เถดเทเทเถฝเท เทเทเถฏเทเถบเถบเท
เถเถดเท เถเถเทเถธเถฑเทเถฑเท เถดเถฝเท เถบเถธเท
เถเถดเท เทเทเถธเทเถธ เถธเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑเถบเท เถบเถฑเทเถฑเท
เถเถเทเถธเถฑเทเถฑเท เถดเถฝเท เถบเถธเท
เทเทเถธเทเทเทเถงเถปเท เถธเถเท เถบเทเทเทเทเท
เถธเถเท เทเทเถปเถญเถฝเท เถดเทเถฉเท เถบเทเทเทเทเท
เถธเถเท เถเถฏเถปเถซเทเถบ เถดเทเถเถเท เถบเทเทเทเทเท
เถเถเท เถฑเถธ เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท
เถธเทเถฑเท-เถ เถดเทเทเถฝเถง เถธเทเถบเทเถเท เถเทเถฑเทเทเท
เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เถเถ เถเทเทเถเทเถฝเทเถง เถเทเถฑเทเทเท?
เถเทเถฉเท เทเท เถธเทเถฉ
เถเทเท เถเถ เทเท เทเถธเทเถฑเถบเท
เถเถ เทเทโเถบเทเถบเทเถธ เทเทเถฝเทเทเทเถฏเท
เถธเถธ เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เถดเทเถงเทเถงเทเถบเถ เถฏเทเถฝเท เถเทเท
, เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถธเถธ เถเถดเทเท เถเทเถธ
เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เถเทเทเทเถฑเท
-เถธเถธ เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฝเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถบเถฑ เทเทเทเทเทเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถธเถง เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถบเท
-เถฑเท, เถเถบเท เถเทเทเถธ เถเทเท เถฑเทเทเท
เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เถดเทเถงเทเถงเทเถบ เถฏเทเถฝเท เถเทเถบเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ?
เถเถถเทเถฑเท เถเถญเท เทเทเถธเถง
เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเท?
เถฑเทเถญ
เทเถฑเท-เทเท เถเถ เทเทเถญเทเถธเถญเทเถธ เถเทเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถธเทเทเทเถงเถปเทเท เถดเทเถบ เทเถบเถเท เทเถเถเถเถฑเทเถฑเถฏ?
เถเทเทเทเถธ เทเทเถฏเทเทเถเท เถฑเทเทเท
เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท, เถเถบเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเท?
เถ เถธเถเทเถฝ เถธเทเถบเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเท?
เถธเทเถฑ เถธเทเถฉเถบเทเถเทเถฏ
เถธเถง เถเถ เทเทเถณเถงเถธ เทเทเถเถบเท
เถเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เทเทเท เถดเทเถงเทเถดเทเถง เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐ เถเถปเถฑ เถดเทเถเถซเท เทเทเถฝเถเท เทเทเถฑเท เถฏเทเถบเถเท เถธเถง เถดเทเถฑเท
เถ เทเถเทเถธ เถเถ เถธเถง เถเถปเถฏเถป เถเถปเถฑเทเท
เถธเถง เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเถฑ เถเท เทเทเถเท เถเทเทเทเทเถเท เถฑเทเถญ
เทเถฑเท-เทเท เถเทเทเทเถงเถปเทเถบเถง เถเทเทเทเถฑเท
เทเทเถดเท เถเถฑเทเถงเทเถฑเถปเถบ เถถเทเถฝเทเทเท
เทเถธเถบเทเถฑเทเถง
เถเทเถธเถง เถดเทเถป เทเท เถเทเทเถป เถเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถญเถปเถญเทเถป เทเถธเถฑเถบ เถเทเถบเท
เทเทเถธเทเทเทเถงเถปเท เทเทเถดเท เถเทเทเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เทเทเถญเถฝเท
เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเท เถฝเทเถเท เถเถปเถเทเถฑ เถเถฌเทเทเท
เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ
เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เทเทเถดเทเถปเท เถเถเถปเทเทเถฑเทเถบ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เทเถฑเท-เทเท เถธเถง เทเทโเถปเถบเทเถฉเท เทเทเถธเท เทเทเถบเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเท
เถงเท-เถฉเท
เถเถ เถเทเถซเท เถเทเถฉเถบเถ เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท
เถญเทเถญเท เถดเถฑเทเถญเท เถเทเถธเถปเถบเถ
เถเถดเท เทเถญเทเถงเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเทเท
เถเถดเท เทเถฏเทเถงเถธ เถบเทเทเทเทเท
-เทเถฏเทเถงเถธ เทเทเถณเถธ เถธเทเถญเทเถปเถฑเท
- เถเทเถธเถเท เทเทเทเถญเท
-เถธเถเท เทเถปเทเถปเถบ เทเทเถณ เถเถญเถง เทเทเถปเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถญเท
-เถบเทเถดเถญเท เทเทเถธเทเถฑเท, เถบเทเถดเถญเท เทเทเถธเทเถฑเท